All right.
So we have got these two elements here.
Okay.
So we've got them here.
Now let's give them some styling so that they look a little bit bigger.
Style, font size.
Let's use 24 pixel.
Let me use the same for this one as well.
Let's have a look.
Ah, so that's.
That's a decent size.
Now, when you click on these items, we want something to happen, right?
And we want to first determine what is the team at the moment, if it is like theme, we saw one icon,
if it is dark, then we saw the icon.
Right.
So we can do that here.
Think team equals equals equals.
We know it is light at the moment, right?
So if it is light, we can use this ternary operator.
If it is light, we do something, otherwise we do something.
All right.
So I'm sure you familiar with the syntax.
This is it.
Upward.
So if it is true, the code here will execute.
Otherwise, code here will execute.
Okay.
So if it is like this, what do we want to do?
If it is like we want to show this this item, this emoji, so that they can click here to make dark
because they're already using light, right?
So they can click here to make it dark if it is already if it is not light.
So if it is light, we should that one.
Otherwise we should this one.
So if it is dark, we saw this one.
So when they click on this one, we make it light.
Light.
Okay.
So now we're conditionally showing just one.
So when they click here, we want something to happen.
Right?
So let me just write that as what's on click.
So this is the event handler and click click event handler.
So on click.
We can execute some function.
Okay.
So we could use a function name and put that function here.
Or sometimes you can just write everything in line if it is not going to be too long.
So let's just write in line here.
So on plate we can use arrow function.
So in a situation like this, arrow function is really helpful because it has very little syntax to
it.
So unclear.
What do you want to do if it is if the team is called to light and if user clicks and this one that
you want to change this to dark.
Right.
So, Cynthia, by the way, if you are wondering how I'm getting all these nice little autocomplete,
that's because of this tab line.
It's incredible.
Yeah.
Artificial intelligence based called support.
Okay.
So you can try this in.
So from the.
The marketplace to search for tablet and then to insert this one.
It's really helpful.
All right.
So on click.
You want to change the theme to Dark.
And if you remember previously, we have also been tracking the local stories.
Right.
So when you tell, you also want to save that value in the local stories so that next time user comes
here, he you didn't have to keep switching.
We remember as an application, we remember his preference.
That would be really nice.
All right.
So local stories, dot said item by the name of theme and the value is going to be done right.
So this is what we want to happen on click now.
Same thing here.
We can add similar one click so we can copy that and click function that we just wrote based here.
And just a small change we have to make here now this time we want to turn this to light, right?
So turn this to night and send him light.
It's beautiful.
Now you can see here if current theme is light, we saw this icon.
When they click, it will set the value to dark.
Otherwise it will see the very light.
Okay.
So that is great.
Now at the moment you can see when you click it, tins is now.
So in a click in it is a duck, otherwise it's light.
However, obviously we don't see any change at the moment because we still haven't worked out on the
styling.
But you can see functionality is there.
It's just a one click or.
Beautiful.
All right.
So.
Finally, what we want to do is we want to have two different things.
One is a light theme and one is dark theme.
We are going to put those cases in separate files and based on whatever value we have in the context,
light and dark, we can to load separate thesis files.
All right.
So for that, obviously, we need the heads demon heads six, right?
So I'm sure you know this one.
So the thesis link you put in the head six, right?
So for that we can import head component from next as well as head from and next head.
So this is a component that we can import from next year and that will allow you to write something
in the hair section of the application.
All right.
So here you want to put that head?
Yeah.
And basically why we are using head here is because we want to use the link to load this thesis.
All right.
So Link.
I really am really attempting to this hour to complete this one.
But I will just start.
Okay.
Two heads first.
Style set and then heads after link releasing styles.
It true.
So we have to give the reference.
Where do you want to load the file from?
Now, this is the interesting part because based on what we have in the context, think that one I want
to load here so you know whether it's late or dark.
Now we don't have that necessarily anyway, which we are going to quit very soon, but for the moment
it just right here and then we will worry about that.
All right.
So he hates Riff.
Whenever you need to put some JavaScript code here, we can use the codebase and we can use back ticks.
Now, if you need to back ticks, back ticks are in your keyboard on the top left, just under the skip
key.
All right, so this is not ports.
This is back ticks.
So here I want to dynamically load different pieces.
So I'm going to put them here in this thesis folder, which I'm going to create here CCIS and then to
embed the variable, I can use the dollar sign calling this.
You can use the syntax in of text to put any variables here.
So the variable I want to use is whatever we have in the context.
Right.
So it could be light or it could be dark.
Dot C is this.
Beautiful.
So you see, this practice is really helpful.
This is also known as template strength.
So you can see you can just mix the quantity input variables and you can use some regular script as
a ruler strings to make things dynamic, I guess.
So whenever you click, it will tense.
All right.
So it will change and it will try to load a different cases for it.
Now, at the moment we don't have light docs here since we don't have the thesis polarizer, so which
we're going to cover version probably in the next lesson.
But for the moment, let me show you how it's going to be possible and then go to app.
I told you that and isn't concerned with two different things, light and dark.
Okay.
So at the moment we using light.
This is the main mode for now.
If you wanted to use dark in this comment about import and this.
Sense that when I think of Robert import let me take the documentation for the dark.
For the dark theme we have, we can import.
Let me just.
Come on.
If dark goodness knows that word.
Enter Dr. Seuss.
That must be the.
Okay.
So that's the one and less and dirty Dr. Seuss.
LEMON Try that.
Come here.
This is just entered uses for the duck and don't dock.
Don't see.
It's just.
All right.
So if I use that, give a reload.
You can see we have the dark thing and you can see in the local stories.
Also, we have the theme.
Let me just see what was there said theme is not different in context theme line.
Then I can take that context.
Theme line ten said Oh, so you can see here I made a typo here theme and basic thing.
So you can see really the actual error message is quite helpful.
Okay.
So you can see here now we're using the DART theme system.
So that's.
You must have noticed that at earlier.
That's quite silly.
Hour.
So we got that.
Let's come here.
Now, you can see here we have the dark theme because we changed.
We could use the different theses.
You can see it's a dark theme that also comes with and is then by default, beautiful.
All right.
So since we have these two different style, style suits, we're going to put them here in a folder
and dynamically lower based on the user's preference here.
I guess that's the message.
That's how we're going to implement light theme and dark theme.
You too.
And you clearly see the weather changes here.
Light, dark.
Instead of just tuning here, we're going to load a different science it from the CCS folder here.
So we're going to work on that in the next lecture.